start a new lab here to fill every
photographer are right at start-finish
down towards the inside left the car
back out up under the bridge send up the
braking on Richard over to nice late
apex your get all the way to drivers
right before we loudly car back out two
drivers left on the exit setting up over
on the right side of the racetrack turn
in for sure to be a drive up the hill on
the left bring the car back over the
right for the apex at Reagan the car
pointed in the right direction
accelerate up and over the hill down the
hill into turn over for a hard braking
zone turnover for
set up for a good exit to bring our file
an hour around turn number five down to
the apex of five
accelerating the car out on corner exit
over on the left part on the breaks down
to third year bringing the car around
turn number 7 and 7a get in the car turn
get on the power coming out up shift the
board here
now we're setting up the S is balancing
the car for an applet the throttle is we
asked a lot out of the car laterally
with the steering wheel if our marks as
we come down to return number ka into
turn number nine long left hand been
setting up the braking zone return
number ten just little brush of the
brakes get all the way down to the apex
4 10 and then allowing the carfax in the
outside on the exit
11 setting up heart breaking down shift
release the brakes let the rolling speed
name came down to the inside for the
apex back for the outside on exit
you